so Lumbee what what game do you want to
play oh can we play hide and seek
uh yeah sure you hide and I'll count
okay
don't peek I won't
you
oh and count slow okay one Hoofbeat to
her feet you'll never find it back here
okay Lum be ready or not here I come
where did that little rascal go home I
think I might know where Lumbee is
could have been positive he was here
uh-oh
you'll definitely see me here I can't
turn back but there are a few trees over
there maybe if I go over there you won't
see me
yeah run quick gotta run quick wait a
minute what's that over there
Oh horse ha dang it ha nice try kid but
you failed come on let's go back well
you're a good hider kid I'll give you
that it's getting really dark but who is
he
wait come back I won't do you any harm
kid
where did he go
you